# 📅 Jitsi meeting link
- [Join Meeting](https://jitsi.is/diasciosrl)

# Pomodoro link
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/16nG3G4i6YsK1znzWkhqAAuyKqIjlsNxo/edit?usp=drive_link&ouid=113945033105591293555&rtpof=true&sd=true

# 📝 Meeting agenda

## Participants
Please check the box to confirm your review of actions and decisions.

- [ ] JD
- [x] VladimirA
- [x] Mathis
- [x] ML
- [x] Kassim
- [x] Antoine
- [ ] Maeve

## Roles for this meeting
- **President:** :crown:
- **Scribe:** :pencil2:

### Assignment of Roles

| Name      | President | Scribe |
|-----------|:---------:|:------:|
| JD        |           |        |
| ML        |           |        |
| VladimirA |:crown:    |        |
| Mathis    |           |:pencil2:|
| Kassim    |           |        |
| Antoine   |           |        |
| Maeve     |           |        |

## Discussion topics
- [x] Lancement du projet ?
- [x] Jumpbox ?
- [x] Project management

## Summary and recording
- [ ] Some people have problem running current all service at time in own machine => NEEDS TO BE FIXED ASAP
- [ ] Some services need to be fixed (Mattermost, yourls)

    - [x] ML :
    - [ ] V :
    - [ ] Mathis : Mattermost 
    - [ ] Kassim : Mattermost
    - [ ] Antoine : yourls
    - [ ] Maeve : Mattermost


## Actions for the following week
- [ ] ALL : use pomodoro
- [ ] ALL : improve your assigned services